# 영화 라푼젤 받아쓰기, 따라읽기 [00:00~ 02:35]
<pre>
This is the story of how i died. Don't wory this is actually very fun story true this is even mine. 
This is the story of how I died. But don't worry, this is actually a very fun story. And the truth is. it isn't even mine.

This is the story a girl named Rapunzel. and it starts with the sun.
This is the story of a girl name Rapuzel. And it stats, with the sun.

Now, once upon a time, a single drop of sun sunlight fell from havens.
Now, once upon a time, a single drop of sunlight fell from heavens.

And from this small drop of sun grew a magic gloden follwer.
And from this small drop of sun, grew a magic golden flower.

It have the ability to heal the sick and injured.
It had the ability to heal the sick, and injured.

oh, you see that woman overthere?
Oh, you see the old woman over there?

you might remember woman, she is got an important.
You might want to remember her. She's kind of important.

well, centuries past(?), and hop skip a boat ride away and grew a kingdom.
Well, centuries pass and a hop, skip and boat ride away, there grew a kingdom.

the kingdom was rool by the lover king and queen.
the kingdom was ruled by a beloved King and Queen.

and the queen she was boat have baby.
And the Queen, well she was about to have a baby.

she got sick. really sick.
and she got sick, really, sick.

she running get a time, next one people usally start look for miracle.
She was running out of time. And that's when people ususally start to look for a miracle.

or next case a magic golden follwer.
Or in this case, a magic golden flower.

ah, i told you she be very important.
Ahhh, I told you she'd be important.

you see that set up sharing suns gift.
You see instead of sharing the suns gift.

this woman, mother gathel, 
this woman, mother Gothel, 

hold the healing power used to keep for herself young per 100 years.
hoarded it's healing powerand used it to keep herself for 100 of years.

and all she had to do was sing a speaial song.
And all she had to do, she was sing a special song.

flower gleam and glu let your power shine.
Flower gleam and glow, let you power shine.

make the clock clipers.
make the clock reverse.

bring my qweter?? once was mine.
bring back what once was mine.

what a once was mine.
what once was mine.
</pre>