# 영화 라푼젤 받아쓰기, 따라읽기 [00:00~ 02:35]
<pre>
Allight, you get the just she thinks returns young creepy right?  
All right, you get the gist. she sings to it, she turns young, creepy, right?  

We found it!!  
We found it!!  

A magic golden flower hear the queen. about helthy baby girl A princess was born with beautiful golden hair.   
The maigc golden flower, healed the queen. A healthy baby girl, a princess was born with beautiful golend hair.  

I give you hint. that's rapunzel.  
I'll give you hint. That's Rapunzel.  

to selebrate her birth, the king and queen lunch the flying lantern into the sky.  
To celebrate her birth, the King and Queen launched a flying lantern into the sky.  

info that one moment, everything was perfect.  
And for that one moment, everything was perfect.  

and then moment ended.   
and then that moment ended.  

flower glream and glow let your power shine, make the colok  
flower glream and glow let your power shine, make the colok  

Gathel, broke into the cattle and stoled child just like that gone.  
Gothel broke into the castle and stole the child just like that... gone.  

the kingdom searched and search but they could not find princess.  
the Kingdom searched and searched, but they could not find the Princess.  

but they would not forest and hidden tower.  
For deep within the forest in a hidden tower.  

Gathel rase child de jo long? (도저히 안들린다진짜 이건 4:12)  
Gothel raised thew child as her own.  

... bring back what once was mine.  
... bring back what once was mine.  

what once was mine.  
what once was mine.  

Gathel has found her knew magic flower.  
Gothel had found her new magic flower.  

but this time, she was determined to keep hidden  
But this time she was determined to keep it hidden  

why can't I go outside?  
why can't I go outside?  

the outside world is a dangerous place. feel with horrible selfish people.  
The outside world is a dangerous place. Filled with horrible, selfish people.  

you must stay here way I safe. do you understand flower?  
You must stay here, where you're safe. Do you unserstand, flower?  

yes mommy.  
yes mommy.  

for the was that tower could not hide everything.  
but the walls of that tower, could not hid everything.  

each year on her birthday the King and Queen release thougent laterns into the sky.  
each year on her birthday, the King and Queen released thousands of lanterns into the sky.
</pre>