<pre>
in hope that one day, they lost princess, would return.
in hope that one day, their lost princess, would return.

gk
gk

well, i guess pascals not hiding out here.
well, i guess Pascal's not hiding out here.

thats twenty two for me, how about twenty three out of fourty five.
Thats twenty two for me, how about twent three out of forty five?

ok. well, what do you wanna do?
ok. well, what do you wanna do?

yes, i dont think i like in here and so do you.
yes, i dont think i like it in here and so do you.

oh come on pascal its not so bad in here. 
oh, come on pascal, its not so bad in there. 

7:00 am new you 슈얼 morning line up.
7:00 am the usual morning line up.

start on the 츄얼스?? and sweep too floor's up clean.
starting the chores I sweep 'till the floors all clean.

polish wax to laundry and mabin(?) shine up.
Polish wax, do landry and mop and shine up.

sweep get and by than ex like 7:15
Sweep again, and by then it's like 7:15

So i read a book or maby two or three.
so i'll read a book or maby two or three.

or other pill out painting things to my gallay.
or add a few new paintings to my gallery.

or playing guiter hand necks.
i'll play guitar and knit.

and cooking fix a gly(??)
and cook and basically.

just wonder when will my life begin.
just wonder when will my life begin.

then i to lunch puzzles and dart in baking.
then after lunch it's puzzles, and darts and baking.

keep on the shape of vallet and chess.
Papier-mache, a bit of ballet and chess.

poatly and benturely grill candle making.
Pottery, and ventriloquy candle making.

then i will strech maybe skech.
then i will stretch, maybe sketch.

take a clime.
take a clime.

for dress.
sew a dress.

now be read the books if i have time to spare.
and i'll re-read the books. if i have time to spare.

paint wall some more, i sure that room somewhere.
i'll paint the walls some more, i'm sure there's room somewhere

then i brush and brush and brush my hair.
then i'll brush and brush and brush my hair.

stoking the swing face vow way use me. (???????)
stuck in the same place I've always been

and i keep wondering wondering wondering wondering
and ill keep wondering wondering wondering wondering

when will my life begin.
when will my life begin.

tommorow night, lights so where apear?
tommorow night, the lights will apear?

just lie few too on my birth day each year.
just like they do on my birth day each year.

what is it light out there where they close now that i am older. mother might just let me go.
what is it like out there where they glow now that i am older. mother might just le me go.
</pre>
