Wow, i could get used to a view like this.  
Wow, I could get used to a view like this.  

Rider, come on!  
Ryder, come on.  

Hold on, yep. I am used to it. guys i want a castle.  
Hold on, Yep, I'm used to it. Guys I want a castle.  

You do this job, you can buy your own castle.  
We do this job, you can buy your own castle.  

에취  

hey, fever?  
Oh, hay fever?  

wait wiat hey wait!  
Yeah. Huh? Wait, wait. Hey, wait!  

can't you pircture me at the castle my own?  
Can't you picture me in a castle of my own?  

could i sur wekend?  
Cause I certainly can.  


other things we seemd to way 8:00 in the morning  
Oh, the things we've seen and it's only eight in the morning.  

gentle man, this is a very big day.  
Gentlemen, this is a very big day.  

this is it.  
This is it.  

this is a very big day Pascal.  
This is a very big day, Pascal.  

I am finally going to do it.  
I'm finally going to do it.  

I am going to ask her.  
I'm gonna ask her.  

Rapunzel, let down your here.  
RAPUNZEL! Let down your hair.  

it's time.  
It's time.  

i know i know  
I know, I know.  

come on don't let her see you  
Come on, don't let her see you.  

Rapunzel? I am not getting any younger down here.  
Rapunzel, I'm not getting any younger down here.  

Comming mother.  
Coming, mother.  

Hi~~ welcome home mother.  
Hi, welcome home, mother.  

Rapunzel, How you manage do that every single day without fail it looks absolutly exhosting dalling  
Rapunzel, How you manage to do that every single day, without fail, it looks absolutely exhausting, darling.  

it's nothig.  
it's nothing.  
