<pre>
Then i don't know why tick so long.
Then I don't know why does it takes so long. 

Oh hohoho, 

dalling i am just teasing
Oh, darling. I'm just teasing.

all right, so, mother as you know tommorow is a very big day.
All right. so, mother. As you know tomorrow is a very big day.

rapunzel look at mirror. you know what i see, i see the strong and confident very beautiful young lady.
Rapunzel look in that mirror. You know what I see? I see a strong, confident, beautiful young lady. 

oh look you here too.
Oh look, you're here too.

hahahahah,

i am just teasing. 
I'm just teasing. 

stop taking every things so seriously.
Stop taking everything so seriously.

okay, so, mother, as i've saying tommorow is a..
Okay, so mother. As I was saying tomorrow...

Rapunzel, mother is feeling lundown?
Flower, mother's feeling a little run down. 

Would you sing for me dear? then we'll talk 
Would you sing for me, dear? Then we'll talk.

oh, ofcourse mother.
OH! Of course, mother.

sing~~~

Rapunzel!
Rapunzel!

So, mother earlyer i've saying tommorow is a pretty big day and eighteen ?? birth day. 
So, mother. Earlier I saying that tomorrow was a pretty big day, and you didn't really respond, 

i am just gonna tell you, it's my birth day.
So I'm just going to tell you. It's my birthday!

ta da!!

no no no, can't be.
No, no, no, can't be. 

i'd this think remember.
I distinctly remember.

your birth day was last year.
Your birthday was last year.

that's the funny things about birth day.
That's the funny thing about birthdays

so kind of your think, 
They're kind of an annual thing.

mother, i am turning eighteen and i wanna to ask 
Mother, I'm turning eighteen. And I wanted to ask, 

but i really want for birth day actually i ~~
what I really want for this birthday. 

okay rapunzel please stop with the mumbling you know how i feel about the mumb bla ~~
Rapunzel please, stop with the mumbling. You know how I feel about the mumbling. Blah ~

is very annoying, i am just teasing you look doorable, i love so much dalling.
It's very annoying. I'm just teasing, you're adorable I love you so much, darling.

i wanna see the floating lights.
I want to see the floating lights.


what

i was hoping you with taken either see the floating lights.
Well I was hoping you would take me to see the thing.

oh you mean the stars.
Oh, you mean the stars.

thats the thing

i charted stars and all allways contents. but these they apear every year on my birth day mother.
I've charted stars and they're always constant. But these, they appear every year on my birthday, Mother

only on my birth day.
Only on my birthday.
</pre>