<pre>
Oh, why Rpunzel.
Oh, why Rapunzel.

Look at to us plaza la so flower?
Look at you, as fragile as a flower

Still at stepbling just sprout.
Still a little sapling, just a sprout.

You know why we stay up in this tower
You know why we stay up in this tower?

i kno..
I know, but...

thats right, to keep you safe and sound down
That's right, to keep you safe, and sound, down

guess i always knew day was comming.
Guess I always knew this day was coming

knew that soon you want leave last
Knew that soon you'd want to leave the nest.

soon but not yet.
Soon, but not yet

but

trust me pet. mother knows best.
Trust me pet Mother Knows best

knows best listen to your mother. its a scarry world out there.
Mother knows best, listen to your mother. It's a scary world out there.

mother knows best. one way another something will go worng i swear.
Mother knows best. One way or another, something will go wrong, I swear

Ruffians, Stugs, Poison ivy quik sound candable smate(?) the plain, no! yes! 
Ruffians, thugs, poison Ivy, quicksand Cannibals, and snakes, the plague, yes

but also large bugs. man apoint teeth.
Also large bugs, men with pointy teeth

and stop no my own just said me.
And stop, no more, you'll just upset me.

mother's right here. mother will protect you 
Mother's right here, mother will protect you

dalling here's what i sugest.
Darling here's what I suggest

skip the drama stay with mama.
Skip the drama, stay with Mama

mother~~ knows best.
Mother, knows best

mother knows best.
Mother, knows best

take a from your mumsy.
Take it from your mumsy.

own your law?? you're survive.
On your own, you won't survive.
</pre>